This is a Class Project of "Advanced Java Web Programming" (CS 532) of Northwestern Polytechnic University.
This project is a Based on following instruction by professor :

  The purpose of this lab is to build a simple servlet that you will need in your final project.  
  Your final project is of your own choosing, but should meet some basic requirements.   
  This lab will help you to get started with the web portion of your final project. 

  1. Create a new Dynamic Web Project in Eclipse EE for your final project.   
  This can be done by using New -> Dynamic Web Project.    
  This creates a project that has the “look” of the sample projects I have posted with a WebContent folder 
  where you can place your .html files (remember anything put in the WEB-INF folder is private so don’t put your .html files there) 

  2. Think about an HTML form that you will need for your project.   
  Write a .html file for that form.  When submitted, a servlet should be called to process the form data.   
  Try to use a few different types of form elements.   For example, radio buttons, checkboxes, text fields, text areas.    

  3. Write a Java class that can be used to store the data that is retrieved from the form.   
  For example, a Course object might be needed to represent a new course that is being entered 
  or a Customer object might be needed to represent customer information that was entered. 

  4. Write the servlet that will process the data in the form.   
  Store the data in a Java object from item #2.   
  Generate HTML that displays the data that was entered in the form (similar to what was done in the classreg1 
  example that was demo’d in class).   
  Try to use some interesting HTML, such as bold or italic text, or change the color of some of the text.   
  When generating your HTML, retrieve the data from your Java object (item #2) to give you more practice using Java objects.

  5. Optional:  Store the Java object into the database (you will need this code when you submit the final project). 

  Hand in an exported Eclipse Project (.zip file).   Include the SQL to create the database table you are using (if you did item #5.
  
